# Mechanical Response of Bio-epoxy Resin Composites Reinforced with Graphene Oxide: Machine Learning Approach for Property Prediction 

Polymer matrix composites have become one of the most developed kinds of materials due to the possibility of tailoring one of several mechanical, physical, or thermal properties. However, important environmental concerns have arisen within conventional thermoset polymers due to the depletion of the non-renewable resources used in their production. For this reason, bio-epoxy resins have been developed by replacing a percentage of petroleum-based components with components obtained from renewable sources. In addition, machine learning algorithms have become a powerful tool to estimate different properties in composite materials which might be further corroborated by experimental means. Therefore, this study developed a composite material with a bio-epoxy resin matrix reinforced with graphene oxide (GO). Experimental and theoretical densities revealed a linear relationship between the GO loading and the pore volume fraction of the composites. Tensile strength, modulus of elasticity, flexural strength, and flexural modulus of elasticity of neat bio-epoxy resin were 63.4 MPa, 2.74 GPa, 95.32 MPa, and 2.52 GPa, respectively. Composites including 0.1, 0.3, and 0.5% wt. showed an improvement in the aforementioned properties, while the composites, including 0.8 and 1.2% wt. exhibit a decrease in the overall mechanical response. Evaluation of tensile and flexural fracture surfaces revealed a noticeable strengthening mechanism in the composites after the addition of the reinforcement. DSC thermographs demonstrated an increment in the glass transition temperature as the GO filler loading increased. Machine learning allows the prediction of the ultimate tensile strength as a function of GO content with high accuracy.
